Add pre-push hook example (#2606)
faker-ruby/faker: CONTRIBUTING.md

    * Ways to run RuboCop:
        - `bundle exec rubocop`
        - `bundle exec rake` would run the test suite and after that it runs the Ruby static code analyzer.

>         - Can also set-up pre-push hook which executes `bundle exec rake` before every push to prevent test or rubocop failure on CI - Refer pre-push hook set-up section for set-up

Author: Looks good. will move it in git-hook section

* Use `bundle exec yard server -r` to launch the YARD Doc server

[YARD]: (https://www.rubydoc.info/gems/yard/file/README.md)

> ### pre-push hook set-up.
> * Add the file `pre-push.sample` to your `.git/hooks` folder without `.sample` extension.
> * For Linux and MacOS - provide permission to the file using command `chmod +x .git/hooks/pre-push` (not required for Windows)
> * To skip this hook for any push. use `--no-verify` example: `git push --no-verify <remote_name> <branch_name>`
> * To disable this hook completely: remove the file `.git/hooks/pre-push`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup a custom pre-push git hook

There is a custom git hooks pre-push file. Before the push occurs, it runs the tests and rubocop. If there are any tests failures, or Rubocop offenses, the push is aborted.

To set up:
- Copy the file `pre-push.sample` located in the `custom-hooks` folder.
- Paste it in your `.git/hooks` folder without the `.sample` extension.
- Run `chmod +x .git/hooks/pre-push` to make the file executable (not needed for Windows users).

To skip this hook for any push, add `--no-verify` to the end of the command:

`git push --no-verify <remote_name> <branch_name>`

To disable this hook completely: remove the file `.git/hooks/pre-push`
```

Author: Done!
